So you be the mom, and I'll be the dad,
And together we'll grow us three feet of a lad.
And he'll never eat meat, eat cheese, or drink milk.
He'll be a vegan from birth and eat organic.
Never a thing GMO'd!
No! Everything he'll eat will be homegrown.
But he drank like a fish and always got stoned.
He'll live a life of vices and virtues alike!
Moderation is good and you know that it's right.
But he took that shit and threw it out of the door,
And grabbed him a beer, a cigar and a whore.
Well he'll party and laugh and live life right!
But he sleep all day and he drank all night.
And he lived everyday till the day that he died,
And nobody missed him, and they all knew why.
Cause he drank all their mead
And screwed all their wives.
They'd been plotting kill him everyday of their lives.

But one of the wenches got sewn from his seed.
She grew a man drinking but not o' greed.
Generous gentleman handed out cash,
But often at the cost of a grab at her ass.
And that copping a feel landed him straight in jail
Where he earned his bunk sorting the mail.
But the jailor remembered his old man Dan,
And extended a warm welcoming hand.
And squeezed so tight he broke his fingers and wrist,
Avenging his wife that old Dan kissed.
Now in the brink with a broken limb,
Just dreaming of a beer, Scotch or a gin.
Smelled like fire so he swigged so mean
Not realizing the fire was gasoline.
He died there in seconds down in the mail room
Surrounded by letters he laid in his tomb.
Five weeks before someone noticed the smell.
Jail reeks of Heaven an aroma like Hell.

Speaking of Hell draws an end to the tale
Where ol Dan found a man surrounded by mail.
See Hell is a place where you live out your fate
Doing the thing that in life that caused you hate.
For mailer it would be sorting the mail;
The jailor there too would be patrolling the jail.
But old Dan never worked a day in his life.
He spent his days chasing liquor with some mans wife.
So the devil gave him another task,
And he handed him his wallet, ID, and a flask.
Sent him to Earth to buy him some booze,
For the devil said liquor and Dan near flew.
There in the store Dan questioned if
If he didn't return would the devil be miffed?
So he gave it a chance and flipped hell the bird,
And he guzzeld down the wine that he preferred.
He ducked out the door humming a song.
And he'll be walking forever doing the devil wrong.
